Add gentle explanations of new terms (#2083)
Islandora-CLAW/islandora: docs/index.md

[//]: # (We should probably replace as many of the links in this section as possible with links to within this documentation, and make it clear which are internal links and which link out.) 
- **Is native Drupal** - With Islandora, you can create preservation-ready digital resources using Drupal nodes, media, files, and taxonomy terms. A suite of customized Drupal resource types and configurations that illustrate Islandora's capabilities are packaged as the [Islandora Defaults module](https://github.com/Islandora/islandora_defaults).

> - **Integrates with Fedora** - Drupal resources can be stored in Duraspace's [Fedora 5.x Repository](https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FF/Fedora+Repository+Home) as binaries (files) and RDF metadata.

Reviewer: Duraspace is now Lyrasis and we support Fedora 6 as well. So maybe something like
```suggestion
- **Integrates with Fedora** - Drupal resources can be stored in Lyrasis's [Fedora Repository](https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FF/Fedora+Repository+Home) (version 5.0 or greater) as binaries (files) and RDF metadata.
```

Reviewer: Otherwise I'm 👍 .

### Ansible Playbook

> Islandora can be installed via an an [Ansible Playbook](https://github.com/Islandora-Devops/islandora-playbook), a set of instructions which provisions the full Islandora stack. It can be used to create a locally installed Islandora (requiring your computer to have Vagrant and Virtualbox) or can be used to provision a remote Linux server. The provisioning process involves many steps where software is downloaded and installed, so it can take a while. There is an option to get a basic ("standard") site, or to install a suite of demo configurations known as the Demo Install Profile. See [Installation - Ansible Playbook](installation/playbook) for more details.

Reviewer 2: You can take or leave the suggestion, but I would say "a machine-actionable set of instructions"

Author: Thank you!
